04/03: Review performance variation of aircraft with variable theta instead 
       of altitude (ie. for same Va, but with altitude changing and theta 
       being varied) 
       The reason for this is to determine if there is significant variation 
       in low altitude flight dynamics based on aircraft pitch. If this is the 
       case we could consider switching to this as the scheduling variable 
       for low altitude (legal) flight. Only need to look at Va min amd Va 
       max with alt ~= 0
05/03: If flight dynamics vary substantially based on 04/03 work, switch to 
       legal flight (low altitude) and add discussion about this switch in 
       the report. Automatically tune controllers using algebraic model as 
       starting gains and bandwidth as benchmark. 

Note: Pushing 06/03 to 11/03 because decision has been made to tune multiple
      longitudinal control schemes (Va+alpha, Va+theta, Va+altitude as scheduling
      parameters) in order to do a proper comparison.

06/03: Build low order algebraic model of lateral dynamics. Consider how 
       scheduling should work. Lateral dynamics have very small dependance 
       on theta (other than as a disturbance) so perhaps it would be best to 
       just schedule them based on Va. Alternative look at the impact of 
       roll angle on the dynamics and use that. 
07/03: Look at impact of disturbance and measurement noise. Also look at 
       where longitudinal dynamics impact in terms of disturbances (and 
       vice versa) and consider whether this will be damped out by the 
       feedback terms. (eg. if longitudinal dynamics are much slower than 
       lateral dynamics (or vice versa), it's possible that their would 
       never be frequency domain content which would negatively impact the 
       other set of dynamics - this would be a perfect way to justify 
       uncoupling them)
08/03 (/ weekend): Automatically tune controllers using algebraic model as 
                   starting gains and bandwidth as benchmark.

